[Integration][GitHub] Treat workflow-run completed events as upserts (#3315)
port-labs/ocean: integrations/github/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- towncrier release notes start -->

## 5.5.22 (2026-06-01)

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixed `workflow-run` webhook processor treating `completed` events as deletions instead of upserts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `workflow-run` webhook processor to treat `completed` events as upserts instead of deletions.
```
